[Music]
Welcome to our tutorial on introduction
to scripting in after effects if you are
looking to automate your workflow
perform complex calculations or access
features not directly available through
the graphical user interface you are in
the right place today we are diving into
the basics of scripting in Adobe After
Effects a powerful tool to enhance your
productivity and
creativity scripts are essentially a
series of commands s that direct an
application to perform our various
operations in Adobe After Effects
scripts can do wers from reordering
layers within a composition replacing
text in text layers to even sending an
email when your are rendering completes
scripting expands your control beyond
the conventional
interface while after effect uses both
expressions and the extend script
scripting langu language rooted in
JavaScript it's crucial to understand
that expressions and scripting serves
different
purposes Expressions Define what a
property is whereas scripts command the
application to perform actions despite
their differences having a grasp on
javascript's fundamentals can
significantly help in understanding both
expressions and scripting within After
Effects the core of scripting in After
Effects is its object model which
includes projects compositions render
items and all their elements like
footage layers masks and effects each of
these elements is an object with unique
attributes and an identity within your
project understanding this object model
is key to mastering scripting in After
Effects the after effects object model
is vast comprising projects I items
compositions layers and render que items
each with special attributes it's
essential to familiarize yourself with
the structure to effectively write
scripts that can navigate and manipulate
these
objects note that in scripting what are
typically known as properties in
javascripts are referred to as
attributes here to avoid confusion with
After Effects definition of a property
such as animatable values of effects or
masks nearly all operations achievable
through scripting can also be performed
manually via the after effects graphical
user
interface this means having a solid
understanding of After Effects itself is
a crucial for leveraging scripting to
its full potential before we wrap up
remember to like subscribe and hit the
notification Bell to stay updated with
our series sharing this video can help
others discover the power of scripting
in After Effects your support helps
create more content like
this thank you for watching our
introduction to scripting in After
Effects stay tuned for more tutorials
where we will dive deeper into scripting
Concepts and techniques until next time
keep experimenting and exploring the
endless possibilities with After Effects
goodbye
[Music]